what's the last meal you cooked? 
I think the last one was a vegetarian chicken fajitas. that was with some Abbott's fajita chicken, being the fake meat, and then just some bell pe peppers, corn tortillas, and rice. What was fun about it is I had to cook the rice in a pot because we lost the lid to the rice cooker.  We did find it eventually.
  How do you pick what to cook generally? It really depends on where I am. When I'm on my own, I will cook whatever's available.  But when I'm at home and I'm cooking for the family and I have multiple people that I'm cooking for, I typically plan ahead a little bit. And then like shop around it? 
I don't really have like a set meal plan or like meal for. I try to alternate starches. So like if I do rice one night, I'll do pasta the following night and back to rice sometimes. potatoes. um yeah, mix it up.  I like greens. Most times. Most of my cooking is for dinner. My breakfast and lunches are typically just like stuff.  I when we're really start cooking, just like fried eggs and sausage or sandwiches. Mm. Yeah.  
Do you ever get stuck making a decision? 
Oh, definitely. 
And how do you get past that?
If I have someone else, I can make the decision in for me.  Sometimes I'll ask them. Other times, I kind of just pick one part of one side of that decision and just stick with it for better or worse.

where do you look for and learn new recipes?  Anywhere. I get a lot of inspiration from Instagram, honestly, and other social media platforms, but I don't really use those recipes. I'll see something there and then I will look up recipes for that on like all recipes or some other places online.  I don't really have like a set app or website I use. I just see what's available. We do have a recipe book at home that I use sometimes, but not very often. 
  How do you decide what to eat for dinner? 
I like, what's in the fridge.  Yeah. Again, a lot of time, if I'm cooking dinner it's just who's eating with us.
 If my brother is eating with us, then I cook something vegetarians or oftentimes tofu sometimes fake meat. 
I try to I'm cooking for the family have meat at least once a night, so it'll really be whatever catches my eye when I'm grocery shopping. Last week it was chicken drumsticks the week before it was homemade meatballs. It's really just whatever's available. Sometimes I'll have cravings, but those are typically for like one specific thing, not whole meals. 
  How do you decide what to eat for lunch? Is that different?  Like, is that, yeah. That I would say is more location dependent because I'm almost always eating on my own. Although the vast majority of the time is some form of sandwich or another.  And it's more like things pulled out of the fridge. Things pulled out of the fridge. Or if I'm out, it'llatively the nearest deli, just get like a bagel there sandwich or something. 
I did have a very nice egg and sausage and onion wrapped the other day for lunch. That was not something I made. That's something I bought.  When I'm making lunch, it is most of the time sandwiches. If I'm feeling fancy, maybe I'll do like an egg salad sandwich. or something with a little bit more preparation. But yeah, lunch for me is something to get through.  It's not like I make a big plan and make a big thing out of it. It''s just another part of my day.
 How do you store recipes that you'd want to make again?
 I keep them in the notes app on my phone as links.  I do organize by seasons. Because previously when I was doing big recipes, it was stuff that I was cooking over breaks. So I would do like Thanksgiving break recipes, winter recipes, summer recipes, stuff like that.  Yeah, do like delicata squash in the winter, even though it's available year round because it's kind of just a wintery thing.
What's your favorite thing to cook? 
Ooh. That really depends. I don't know. It's my favorite thing to eat is my favorite thing to cook. 
Yeah, well, that's my next question is, 
what's your favorite thing to cook? Honestly, simple as it is, I really do enjoy cooking hot dogs.  It's one of the first things that I learned to make when I was allowed to use this stove when I was a little. And maybe just a bit of nostalgia of like the beginning of my cooking journey with it. Like doing just making it just, you a fan and kind of frying them.  I was to skill it. I mean, also part of why I like them is because you can cook them on anything.  You could cook it in a skillet, you cook it over a campfire, cook it on a grill. It's just, yeah, a lot of memories that involve cooking hot dogs. Yeah

what's your favorite thing to eat?  It's nice part. Gnocchi. Gnocchi's a good one.
 I'm not elaborating much. It's just I like gnochi. 
 It's good. How do you get organized before cooking?  Depends on the recipe. If I'm just doing like normal weekday dinner, I will pull out ingredients beforehand, and that's about it.  If it's something more intensive, I will, like properly prepare the kitchen, you know, clean up everything. Well, I normally clean up stuff in the sink, like clean everything encounters. and then pull out ingredients for each step.

Do you ever regret making a recipe you picked? I know there's a couple. I'm trying to think of. Just stuff I really regret.  I haven't had any that I was, like, devastated over. Yeah, when I was annoyed, I did, um doing Tosi couscous. It was it couscous?  Well, I think couscous. And I completely burned them and had to spend like a good hour scraping them off the pan. So I have to regret. Yeah, sometimes.  I regret, I guess that's not really into the cooking process, though. As well sometimes we have a problem where if I prepare a meat dish and a vegetarian dish, some people will mix them a bit. And it gets annoying that makes me kind of wish sometimes I just did a vegetarian dish but that's not really a bread from the cooking.  That's more from the eating. 

And then what do you do if you can't decide in general?.  Let me tell you if I can't decide something and go and use food, but this goes for a lot of things, is I wait until it gets very pressing and then I choose the path of least resistance.  
what was your family's dinner routine growing up? 
Um Dinner at 7 o'clock is what we've been doing for, I think, as long as I've been alive. Um, One or multiple of us will make dinner and then everyone comes downstairs and we eat dinner together at the dinner table. 
 And how often did you eat out with your family? Not super often.
 Maybe like once every couple weeks or so. 
 And then how often do you eat now? 
similar.  I'd say maybe a bit more frequently. if we're including ordering food, when I'm on my own, I will order a lot more because it's cheaper to feed one person to order food. Like, you know, a lot more. Almost always, actually, when I'm away from home, I eat out during lunch. I don't prepare lunch.  I mean, I like eating out a lunch as long as there's places around me that aren't super expensive. I don't really see a problem with it, you know, support local business.
 I'm good with doing it on all weekdays and then making lunch when I'm home. 